So what do you think the second step of installing Colly from the ISO file is?
That's right, installation the ISO file for like Caylee has been downloaded and it's in the download
folder.
Now I go to VMware Fusion Virtual Machine Library on the upper left corner, click the red button and
select new we're on the installation method selection window.
So the big option, which is selected by default, is our option install from disk or image.
Now I can click, continue to move on.
So now is it time to select the ISO file?
We can't just drop the file if we drag it from over here.
Here's a file browser.
Select the ISO file drag and drop it in the insulation wizard and click continue.
In the next step, we have to choose the operating system of the VM.
Now we know the Collie is a Debian based Linux distro and we downloaded the 64 bit version.
So choose Linux then the 64 bit version of the latest Debian.
And once again, click continue.
You can select the firmware type of a virtual machine, legacy BIOS is a standard BIOS firmware.
UFA is an interface between the operating system and the platform firmware, so if you do select your
Wi-Fi, you have the option of enabling you efi secure boot and of course, that secures the process.
Now, here, I'm going to choose the legacy bios option.
So now we're on the last step of insulation and there's a summary here, the default values are two
gigabytes of RAM networking, et cetera.
So when I click the finish button, it asks for the location in the name of the VM file.
I'm OK with the default.
It's better to collect VMS in the same location, in my opinion.
That way I stay organized and I recommend you do two and click save.
Now the VM boots for the very first time.
In the Bootmen, you choose one of the install or graphical install options, I'll I'll show you with
a graphical install, looks like no.
As you see, it's a typical operating system installation, we need to configure the OS now, so select
the language, location and keyboard configuration.
And now network configuration has been completed successfully.
So I said the hostname to Caleigh and let's give it a domain name, I'll just choose the same name and
continue.
I said the username and password for the new user.
Because Kelly will not use a route account by default when it started.
Don't need any partitions, we're only installing Colly Light is a virtual machine, so we can use the
entire disk reserve for itself, continue, keep going with the default options for disk partitioning.
Yes, right, the changes to discuss.
Now the system is being installed.
And just like before, it may take several minutes.
So here, Callie asks for the HTP proxy information, but we're not going to need it now so we can just
leave it blank and continue.
And in this section, you can choose the desktop environment that you want to use, Callie is no longer
offering separate images for every desktop environment.
There's just a single image for all of them.
And it can be chosen during installation, so I will continue with a default option Xixi.
It's asking to install the Grupp bootloader to the master boot record.
Now, this is more meaningful when you install an operating system as a second one on the host.
We're just installing a virtual machine, so it's the only operating system for it.
So, yes, install the grubbed bootloader to the master boot record.
We have only one partition to install grub, so I select that and continue.
And installation is complete, so it's time to boot into our new system continue.
We are finally the login screen.
Log in with username and password that you've set.
Welcome to 64 Bit Co. installed by the ISO Far.
So I want to turn it off for now.
Now, let's go to the folder that we chose for insulation.
Order by date modified and here is the call like pvm file.